Update contributing.md (#186)
OpenMined/PyDP: contributing.md

# Contributors Guidelines to PyDP

## Getting Started

### Learn Git and Github

> All our development is done using Git and Github. If you're not too familiar with Git and Github, start by reviewing this guide. <https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/>

Reviewer: `Git on Github` sounds to be correct usage?

Author: okey

Author: "git and Github" seems to be the correct usage @chinmayshah99

### Slack

> A great first place to join the Community is the Slack channel <http://slack.openmined.org>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A great first place to join the Community is the Slack workspace <http://slack.openmined.org>.
```

- For support in using this library, please join the **#lib_pydp** Slack channel. 
- If you’d like to follow along with any code changes to the library, please join the **#code_dp_python** Slack channel.

### Issues

> On <https://github.com/OpenMined/PyDP/issues> you can find all open Issues. You can find a detailed explanation on how to work with issues below under [Issue Allocation](#issue-allocation).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On <https://github.com/OpenMined/PyDP/issues> you can find all open Issues. Find a detailed explanation on how to work with issues under [Issue Allocation](#issue-allocation).
```

Author: it was meant in a more conversational tone and  ' how to work with issues **below** under ' to specify that its gonna come down below after further reading.

Reviewer 2: That's cool. Find the following good? :point_down: 
```suggestion
On <https://github.com/OpenMined/PyDP/issues> you can find all open Issues. Find a detailed explanation on how to work with issues below, under [Issue Allocation](#issue-allocation).
```

Regarding Pybind, Here is a good [introduction](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQedHfF1Jfw) about it.

## Setup

### Forking a Repository

> To contribute to PySyft you will need to fork the OpenMind/PyDP repository.

Reviewer: ~PySyft~ PyDP

Then you can work risk-free on your fork.

You will just need to fork once. After that you can call `git fetch upstream` and `git pull 'branch-name'` before you do your local changes to get the remote changes and be up-to-date

### Syncing a Forked Repository

To sync your fork with the OpenMined/PyDP repository please see this [Guide](https://help.github.com/articles/syncing-a-fork/) on how to sync your fork.

### Installing Script

This script automates the installation of the prerequisite packages to get you started, you can optionally install these manually referring to the list in the said file.

If you are on Linux

```
$ ./prereqs_linux.sh  

```
If you are on OSX

```

> If you are on OSX

Reviewer 3: Should be `./prereqs_mac.sh`.

```

> $ ./prereqs_mac.sh

Reviewer 3: Needs to be fixed, this section has been repeated

Regarding Pybind, Here is a good [introduction](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQedHfF1Jfw) about it.

## Setup

### Forking a Repository

To contribute to PyDP you will need to fork the OpenMind/PyDP repository.
Then you can work risk-free on your fork.

> You will just need to fork once. After that you can call `git fetch upstream` and `git pull 'branch-name'` before you do your local changes to get the remote changes and be up-to-date

Reviewer: Maybe just call `git pull`?
Makes the process simpler for everyone

Author: okey

Author: specifying the branch name - as we do all our changes on the dev branch right! For local git usage, this might be good to know for beginners. Or shall I mention the branch name as well to remove any room for errors!

 Anyways, if desktop version is used then this won't be much of a concern! As :dev is set to default

Reviewer: Yes, please mention it as dev for all contribution purpose.

Regarding Pybind, Here is a good [introduction](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQedHfF1Jfw) about it.

## Setup

### Forking a Repository

To contribute to PyDP you will need to fork the OpenMind/PyDP repository.
Then you can work risk-free on your fork.

> You will just need to fork once. After that you can call `git fetch upstream` and `git pull 'branch-name'` before you do your local changes to get the remote changes and be up-to-date.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fork the repository and run `git fetch upstream` followed by `git pull 'branch-name'` before you begin your work, to get the remote changes on your local machine.
```

To contribute to PyDP you will need to fork the OpenMind/PyDP repository.
Then you can work risk-free on your fork.

> You will just need to fork once. After that you can call `git fetch upstream` and `git pull 'branch-name'` before you do your local changes to get the remote changes and be up-to-date.

Reviewer: Can we please make it simpler?

Reviewer: Call it dev?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, could be called that. Simpler and per norms.

$ docker build -t pydp:test .
```

# Contributing

### Beginner Issues

If you are new to the project and want to get into the code, we recommend picking an issue with the label "good first issue". These issues should only require general programming knowledge and little to none insights into the project.

### Issue Allocation

> Each issue someone is currently working on should have an assignee. If you want to contribute to an issue someone else is already working on please make sure to get in contact with that person via slack or github and organize yourself.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each issue someone is currently working on should have an assignee. If you want to contribute to an issue someone else is already working on please make sure to get in touch with that person via slack or GitHub and organize the workflow collaboratively. 
```

> If you want to work on an open issue, please post a comment telling that you will work on that issue, we will assign you as the assignee then.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to work on an open issue, please post a comment informing us of your thoughts regarding the issue, so that we can officially assign you for it.
```

> **Caution**: We try our best to keep the assignee up-to-date, but as we are all humans with our own schedule delays are possible, so make sure to check the comments once before you start working on an issue even when no one is assigned to it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Caution**: We try our best to keep the assignees up-to-date, but we are a group of people collaborating, delays could occur, so make sure to check the comments, before you start working on an unassigned issue.
```

### Creating a Pull Request

At any point in time you can create a pull request, so others can see your changes and give you feedback.
Please create all pull requests to the `dev` branch.

If your PR is still work in progress and not ready to be merged please add a `[WIP]` at the start of the title.
Example:`[WIP] BoundedMean error check`

***Always fill the PR template before sending a PR for better review and understanding :***
- Description - summary of the change, the motivation, and any additionl context that will help others understand your PR
- Affected Dependencies - List any dependencies that are required for this change.
- **How has this been tested? (Important)**
   - Describe the tests that you ran to verify your changes.
   - Provide instructions so we can reproduce.
   - List any relevant details for your test configuration.
- Checklist - Following the code of conduct and basic guidelines.

### Check CI and Wait for Reviews

After each commit GitHub Actions will check your new code against the formatting guidelines and execute the tests to check if the test coverage is high enough.

We will only merge PRs that pass the GitHub Actions checks.

> If your check fails, don't worry, you will still be able to make changes and make your code pass the checks.

Reviewer: Suggestion: 
If the tests fail even after repeated try, feel free to ask someone in the slack channel

Reviewer 3: I think we should also add a note to run black or clang-format locally before they push so that they can fix those style errors. @chinmayshah99 ?

Reviewer: Definitely

Author: @chinmayshah99  and @codeboy5  would you like it to be something like this - 

We will only merge PRs that pass the GitHub Actions checks.

If your check fails, don't worry, you will still be able to make changes and make your code pass the checks. Feel free to ask around in the Slack channel #lib_pydp . 

Note: It is always suggested to run black  or clang format test or pytest on the code before sending a PR.

Do let me know if any other changes can be made. Or do we also give out a guideline or resource to perform the above-mentioned tests?

Reviewer: Sounds good.
